Update ac-smallmultiple.mdx (#4313)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/gold/ac-smallmultiple.mdx

[Official Analysis](https://img.atcoder.jp/arc084/editorial.pdf)

## Aproach

All positive integers can be created by starting from 1 and repeating the
following two operations.

> - Add 1 to the current number. At this time, the sum of each digit increases

Reviewer: swap the order of these two

Author: > swap the order of these two

Done

  by 1. (This does not apply when the ones place is 9, but we will show later
  that you do not need to take this into account when solving this problem.)
- Multiply the current number by 10. At this time, the sum of each digit does
  not change.

Now, let's consider a graph with all positive integers as vertices and an edge
from the "current number" to the "new number" of the above operation. What we
need to find is the shortest path length on this graph from 1 to any multiple of
K plus 1.

As it is, the number of vertices is infinite, but if you consider how the edges
are drawn, you can see that the vertices corresponding to each positive integer
can be equated with modK.

Therefore, we only need to find the shortest path from 1 to 0 on a graph of K
vertices, where each vertex is equated with modK, and this can be found in O(K)
time using 01BFS.

A transition that adds 1 to an integer with a 1's digit of 9 does not need to be
treated specially because if you recall the shortest path algorithm, you can see

> that the destination vertex has already been visited.

Reviewer: elaborate on this, how does this relate to the problem?

Author: Done

following two operations.

- Multiply the current number by 10. At this time, the sum of each digit does not change.

- Add 1 to the current number. At this time, the sum of each digit increases
  by 1. (This does not apply when the ones place is 9, but we will show later
  that you do not need to take this into account when solving this problem.)

Now, let's consider a graph with all positive integers as vertices and an edge
from the "current number" to the "new number" of the above operation. What we
need to find is the shortest path length on this graph from 1 to any multiple of
K plus 1.

As it is, the number of vertices is infinite, but if you consider how the edges
are drawn, you can see that the vertices corresponding to each positive integer
can be equated with modK.

Therefore, we only need to find the shortest path from 1 to 0 on a graph of K
vertices, where each vertex is equated with modK, and this can be found in O(K)
time using 01BFS.

A transition that adds 1 to an integer with a 1's digit of 9 does not need to be
treated specially because if you recall the shortest path algorithm, you can see
that the destination vertex has already been visited.

> In reference to this problem here if we go from 9 to 10 we dont need to worry as vertex 10 will already be visited thus we can skip this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if we go from 9 to 10 using the second case don't need to worry as vertex 10 will already be visited from the first case. 
```

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(K)$

> ## Aproach

Reviewer 2: put this above the implementation header and below the official analysis section

Author: Done
